about dialog: update copyright person/year
about dialog: artwork has "placeholder"

"show possible numbers" results in critical warning. No result
"warn about unfillable squares" results in critical warning. No result

mcatanzaro: For me in Fedora 20, both options work, but there's no way to
            distinguish from the menu that they're active. This is similar to
            https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=724439
--- Actually, the criticals occur when they're used before a game has started.

Undo/redo are clickable, even before starting a game

"Saved game" shown in start screen, even if none exist

The first number of a game is not updated on the screen before the selector is moved to a different place.

The "Back" back seems to function like undo. Is that the case?

The ingame Help: (I like it!)
  Should maybe have different name. Help is the common word for opening the help manual.
  Left align the text
  Perhaps start with a general description of the method, instead of repeating the same sentence for each line.

mcatanzaro: Too confusing in general:
 * 9 is the only possibility in 2, 0.  What is 2, 0? It's only obvious that
   they're coordinates to a technical user, and even then, are we counting from
   the top-left (computer programmer style) or the bottom left (which is what
   most other people will try)
 * Just saying "naked subset" three times in a row is confusing. You have to
   mouse over the text to see anything, and even then there's no explanation of
   what it is.


No way to save a game

No way to know if a game has already been played or not:
  For this SudokuTracker class needs to be ported. Once it is complete, enable the corresponding options -
  'MarkAsPlayedToggle' and 'includeOldGamesToggle' in data/print_games.ui (for multiple print dialog)

Currently we only read sudokus from data files:
  We need to complete the port of SudokuGenerator class to be able to generate sudokus as desired.

Port saver.py for saving games, fullscreen mode feature, highlighter feature

mcatanzaro: We're removing Fullscreen from most other games because it usually
            looks pretty bad. Games maximized with the header bar usually fit
            nicely against the top bar of the shell, which is probably
            sufficient. I'm also not sure if highlighter is really desirable.

Known Bugs -
- Once the number pad is brought up, it does not get hidden unless a button on it is clicked
  (http://i.imgur.com/FDLukf2.png)
  Will be resolved when the Popup window is replaced by popover

- 'Back' button below number-pad and 'Undo' option in the Panel menu (don't know what to call it),
  are redundant and have the same callback - 'undo_cb'.

mcatanzaro: This number pad was from an earlier design; I think we can remove
            it completely.

- The preview window does not resize to it's original size (the size at startup) after 'New Game' is clicked.

- No way to save a game (port saver.py)

- Sudoku master has total 19 menu options (8 in 'Game', 5 in 'Settings', 4 in 'Tools', 2 in 'Help')
  Current vala-port design and mockups have only one panel menu and it cannot accomodate all the 19 options
  Ask aday about this.

- Mockups have alloted a separate place for notes.
  This is totally different than the current design (top, bottom notes for each cell).
  Ask aday about this.

- No icon is displayed in panel for vala-port

- When 'Show possible numbers' is checked, the numbers are not displayed in an organized manner at the bottom.
  (http://i.imgur.com/MYiloXw.png)
  Instead, they are displayed at random positions in the cells (looks random, maybe there is a bug in display offsets)

- Print (single sudoku) should be disabled when not in-game
